1 - A company plans to use an  Amazon Snowball Edge device to transfer files to the AWS cloud.
Which acitvities related to a Snowball Edge device are available to the company at no cost?

Ans : The transfer of data from the Snowball Edge appliance into Amazon S3


2 - A company has deployed applications on Amazon EC2 instances.The company needs to assess    application vulnerabilities and must identify infrastructure deployments that do not meet best practices.
Which AWS service can the company use to meet these requirements?

Ans : Amazon Inspector

3 - A company has a centrallized group of users with large file storage requirements that have exceeded the space available on premises.The company wants to extend its storage capabilities for this group while retaining the performance benefits of sharing content locally.What is the most operationally efficient AWS solution for this scenario?

Ans : Configure and deploy an AWS Storage Gateway file gateway. Connect each user's workstation to the file gateway.

4 - According to security best practices, how should an Amazon EC2 instance be given access to an Amazon S3 bucket?

Ans : Have the EC2 instance assume a role to obtain the privileges to upload the file.


5 - Which option is a customer responsibility when using Amazon DynamoDB under the AWS shared Responsibility model?

Ans : Access to DynamoDB tables


6 - Which option is a prespective that includes foundational capablities of AWS cloud adoption framework?

Ans : Governance

7 - A company is running and managing its own Docker environment on Amazon EC2 instances.The company wants an alternative to help manage cluster size,scheduling and environment manintenance.
Which AWS service meets these requirements?

Ans : AWS Fargate


8 - A company wants to run a NoSQL database on Amazon EC2 instances. Which task is the responsibility  of AWS in this scenario?

Ans : Patch the physical infrastructure that hosts the EC2 instances.


9 - Which AWS service  or tools can identify rightsizing opportunities for Amazon EC2 instances?

Ans : AWS　Cost Explorer 
      AWS Compute Optimizer


10 - Which of the following are benefits of using AWS Trusted Advisor?

Ans : Detecting underutilized resources to save costs
      Improving security byy proactively monitoring the AWS environment

11 - Which of the following is an advantage that users experience when they move on-premises workloads to the AWS Cloud?

Ans : Elimination of expenese for running and maintaining data centers

12 : A company wants to manage deployed IT services and govern its infrastructure as code templates.Which AWS service will meet this requirement?

Ans : AWS Service Catalog

13 - Which AWS service or tool helps users visualize , understand and manage spending and usage over time?

Ans : AWS Cost Explorer

14 - A company is using a central data platform to manage multiple types of data for its customers.The company wants to use AWS services to discover,transform and visualize the data.
Which combination of AWS services should the company use to meet these requirements?

Ans : AWS Glue , Amazon QuickSight

15 - A global company wants to migrate its third party applications to the AWS cloud.The company wants help from a global team of experts to complete the migration  faster and more relibly in accordance with AWS internal best practices.Which AWS service or resource will meet these requirements?

Ans : AWS Professional Services