46 - A company wants to make an upfront commitment for continued use of its production Amazon EC2 
instances in exchange for a reduced overall cost.
Which pricing options meet these requirements with the Lowest cost?

Ans : Reversed Instances
      Saving Plans

47 - A company wants to migrate its on-premises relational database to the AWS cloud.
The company wants to use infrastructure as close to its current geographical location as possible.
Which AWS service or resource  should the company use to select its Amazon RDS deployment area?

Ans : AWS Regions


48 - A company is exploring the use of the AWS cloud and needs to create estimate for a project before the infrastructure is provisioned.Which AWS service or feature can be used to estimate costs before deployment?

Ans : AWS Pricing Calculator


49 - A company is building an application that needs to deliver images and videos globally with minimal latency.Which approach can the company use to accomplish this in a cost effective manner?

Ans : Deliver the content through Amazon CloudFront


50 - Which option is a benefit of the economies of scale based on the advantage of cloud computing?

Ans : Lower variable costs over fixed costs

51 - Which of the following is a software development framework that a company can use to define cloud resources as code and provision the resources through AWS cloudformation?

Ans : AWS Cloud Development Kit (AWS CDK)


52 - A company is developing an application that uses multiple AWS services.The application needs to use temporary limited privilege limited-privilege credentials to authentication with other AWS APIs.
Which AWS service or feature should the company use to meet these authentication requirements?

Ans : AWS Security Token Service (AWS STS)

53 - Which AWS service is a cloud security posture management service that aggregates alerts from various AWS services and partner products in a standardized format?4

Ans : AWS Security Hub

54 - Which AWS service is always provided at no charge?

Ans : AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM)

55 - To reduce costs, a company is planning to migrate a NoSQL database to AWS.
Which AWS service is fully managed and can automatically scale throughput capacity to meet database workload demands?

Ans : Amazon DynamoDB


56 - A company is using Amazon DynamoDB. Which task is the company's responsibility according to the AWS shared responsibility model?

Ans : Manage database access permissions


57 - A company has a test AWS environment . A company is planning on testing an application within AWS. The application testing can be interrupted and does not need to run continuously.
Which Amazon EC2 purchasing option will meet these requirements most cost effectively?

Ans : Spot Instance

58 - Which AWS service gives users the ability to discover and protect sensitive data that is stored in Amazon S3 buckets?

Ans : Amazon Macie


59 - Which of the following services can be used to block network traffic to an instance?

Ans : Security Groups , Network ACLs


60 - Which AWS service can identify when an Amazon EC2 instance was terminated?

Ans : AWS CloudTrail