76 - Which of the following are advantages of the AWS cloud?

Ans : High economies of scale
      Launch globally in minutes

77 - Which AWS cloud benefit is shown by an architecture ability to withstand failures with minimal downtime?


Ans : Scalability

78 - A developer needs to maintain development environment infrastracture and a production environment infrastracture in a repeatable fashion. Which AWS service should the developer use to meet these requirements?

Ans : AWS CloudFormation


79 - Which task is the customer's  responsibility according to the AWS shared responsibility model?

Ans : Configure firewalls and networks


80 - Which AWS service helps deliver highly available, application with fast failover for and mutlti-Region and Multi-AZ architecture?

Ans : AWS Global Accelerator


81 - A company has a set of ecommerce applications.The applications need to be able to send messages to each other.Which AWS service meets this requirement?

Ans : Amazon Simple Queue Service (Amazon SQS)


82 - What are the benefits of consolidated billing for AWS cloud services.

Ans : Volume discounts
     One bill for multiple accounts


83 -  A user wants to review all Amazon S3 buckets with ACLs  and S3 bucket policies in the S3 console.Which AWS service or resource will meet this requirement?


Ans : S3 Multi-Region Access Points


84 - What is the best resource for a user to find compliance information and reports about AWS?

Ans : AWS Artifact


85 - Which AWS service enables companies to deploy an application close to end users?

Ans : Amazon CloudFront


86 - Which  AWS service or feature improves network performance by sending traffic through the AWS worldwide  network infrastructure?

Ans : AWS Global Accelerator


87 - Which AWS service provides highly durable object storage?

Ans : Amazon S3


88 - Which responsibility belongs to AWS when a company hosts its database on Amazon EC2 instances?

Ans : Operation System installation


89 - Which of the following are advantages of moving to the AWS cloud?

Ans : The ability to use the pay as you go model
    　No longer having to guess what capacity will be required


90 - Which AWS service is a hybrid cloud storage service that provides on-premises users access to virtually unlimited cloud storage?

Ans : AWS Storage Gateway